Know it's time for you to work on your own restful AAPI start by checking out the guidelines that were
laid out when we started this section if you need to think about that application that backend you've
been thinking about.
You've been dreaming of to make your application come true.
Break it down to is building blocks from components to the basic data models that you use run persisting
data to a database.
When you complete breaking it all down create your models prepare your repositories and the service
classes that you use to manage your repositories and finally create your controllers your requests mappings
for the actions that you're going to take.
Of course when you're building the request path structures think carefully on HGTV requests methods
and naming them if you need me to reveal your code and give me my feedback on it.
I'll be more than happy to do that.
Just create a room for me on get hopped up come so we can move on from there.
All right I hope you do great on your exercise and we'll create a production rate EPR for yourself.
To take an overview of what we learn and done in the section I'll see on the next video.